Morning, neighbor.
Reading the newspaper, huh, Mr. S?
Not me. Can't do it anymore.
Too depressing. Bums my apex, man.
I don't care if your
deadbeat boyfriend lives in his van...
...but not in front of my house.
- Too bad. He's on public property.
- He lives in his van? How bohemian.
You know, I'm a little boho myself.
I once pierced my glocknick.
Unfortunately, it was my left glocknick.
Didn't know the code.
Can't tell how many people
tried to pee on me that summer.
I want that van gone
by the time I get home.
Well, the law says he can park out there
as long as he wants.
The law is on his side.
If I wanna get rid of Jeff, I'll have to
do something cunning and subtle.
What a freak accident!
Thanks. What do I owe you?
Just tell your friends.
My business is word of mouth.
But don't you have to
start charging eventually?
Eventually.
- What the hell are you doing?
- You shave your chest?
What? No, it's for work.
Get out of my shower!
- You crushed his van.
- Why can't Jeff live with his family?
He hasn't spoken to his dad in years.
His mom ran away before he was born.
How...? How could she do that?
I heard you showering with Jeff.
I finally meet him. How do I look?
- Like an alien. Put on a disguise.
- I'm not gonna wear a disguise.
- But you love disguises.
- What? Where'd you get that idea?
You can't go five minutes
without doing a fashion montage.
I'm sure I don't know
what you're talking about.
I hate disguises. And I'd rather stay
in the attic than wear your uniform.
- Then stay in the attic.
- It's my body!
If I can't get to know Jeff
face-to-face like a regular person...
...I'll build a relationship with him
like fat people do: Through the Internet.
Now I just have to find all the info
on Jeff I can.
Well, qu'est-ce que c'est que ça?
Muy buena comida, Mrs. S.
Did I ever tell you
about this choice burrito I had...
...when I was backpacking that summer
I was super into rabbits?
The dude who makes them
uses a syringe...
...to inject a squirt of sour cream
into the centre of each bean.
Ridiculous! You get pretty bad firehole,
but it's totally worth it.
- That's it! Get out! Get out of my house!
- Stan.
Look, Jeff is a part of my life, okay?
In fact, we might get married one day,
so you might as well get used to him.
Married? Oh, babe.
Mr. S, you are so set. Wait right here.
Look, honey, I'll make you a deal.
You don't marry Jeff
and I won't bake a roofie cake...
...and tie your fallopians
in a square knot.
Here, Mr. S. I wanted to give you
my wedding dowry in advance:
Two ponchos and a flute
that summons a leprechaun.
You can only use it three times,
so choose wisely.
Where's my hacksaw?
I wanna kill Jeff with my hacksaw.
Stan, there's an easier way
to get rid of Jeff.
What? I thought you wanted
to be his friend.
Yeah, I'm over that. Look at this.
There's a bounty on his head
in Florida.
He got caught with 300 pounds of pot,
but he skipped bail.
This is perfect. If he goes to prison,
he'll be out of my life forever.
Plus I can use the reward money
to buy some disguises.
I don't know if you know this,
but I love disguises.
There's no way you can transport
a criminal to Florida.
Are you kidding? There's a rich tradition
of alien bounty hunters.
I just have to decide on the right look.
Which means it's time for another
Roger fashion montage.
Stan! Damn you and your one outfit!
Wow, I can't believe you're taking me
to a baseball game.
I know.
I can't believe you believe that either.
So you never told me. Who's playing
in this baseball game, Dad?
I'm not your dad!
You have your own dad.
Actually, we haven't talked
in a few years.
I got involved in a little trouble...
...and, well, if he found out,
it would really disappoint him.
Are you and your dad close?
- Daddy, will you read to me?
- Who the hell are you?
Yeah, sure.
What the...?
You poached my bear!
- What the hell are you doing?
- I'm taking my bounty back.
What's your problem?
Oh, you mean besides being shot at
by a bottom-heavy freak?
You know it's awkward
when I try to jog.
Listen, I'll overlook the fact that
you didn't compliment my outfit...
...if you let me take Jeff
and collect my money.
I don't care about the money!
I just wanna get Jeff to Florida
and out of my life.
- You're turning me in?
- Look, kid...
Damn it, Roger, he's getting away!
- Why didn't you run for it?
- You wanna know why?
Because I didn't think of it.
O'Shamus McPherson,
present yourself.
Where is my leprechaun?
Great. Well, Roger,
I guess it's just you and me.
- And now it's just me.
- Wait, how am I gonna get out of here?
Try jogging, you gross bowling pin.
- Yo, you flute me?
- What? No, no, that was Jeff.
He hopped on the train.
Oh, Jeff, huh? Well, you tell your boy
that still counts as one. He got two left.
They love me.
So I took the train to Raleigh,
and now I'm at my dad's farm.
Just stay there.
I'm coming to get you.
Mom, you won't believe this.
Dad kidnapped Jeff, but he got away
and now he's hiding at his dad's farm.
There's lots of places to hide
on a farm.
Corn fields, a silo,
behind a cow, under a tractor-
- Mom! We gotta save Jeff.
- Right. You tell Steve, I'll grab my keys.
- Yeah.
- Hello, Stan. I know where Jeff is.
But first I'm gonna need something
from you.
Can we take one of those old
western photos together?
I'll get it, Dad.
Hi, Jeff.
Expecting someone
a little less take-you-to-jail-y?
Wait, you gotta believe me.
I don't know how that pot
got in my van.
You had a loose nail.
And I don't believe you.
All right, I'll go with you.
Just let me spend one last night
with my dad.
- Forget it.
- I'm begging you.
I won't get to see him for a long time.
I wanna memorize every line
in his face...
...so I can write a poem about it
for my prison poetry slam.
Because that's what prison's
like, right?
Hi. My name's Stan Smith.
I seem to have lost my credit card.
Can you tell me the last place
I used it?
No, I don't know
my social security number.
No, I don't know my date of birth.
My mother's maiden name?
Something Italian.
I look Italian. Try "Frappuccino."
Hold on. I got a beep. Hello?
Roger, it's me. Jeff and Stan are at
Jeff's father's house in North Carolina.
Really?
Yes. Now, in return for this information,
you must give me...
...nothing.
If you had just waited for me to finish,
you'd know I want nothing from you.
Oh, hey. I thought you two
went to find Jeff.
Mom can't find her car keys. What were
you doing the last time you had them?
Driving. I think it was the car.
Mom, if we don't find those keys,
we'll never rescue Jeff.
Did somebody say "hot-wire"?
- Can you really do that?
- Yes.
And in answer to your next question,
I like a sneaker with a large tongue.
So Dad, Stan's a friend of mine
from Langley Falls.
I've got a good life up there.
I'm in charge of tire inflation
at the bike shop.
Tire inflation? That is so great.
Course, I'm not surprised.
That's just the latest
in a long list of achievements.
I'm so proud of my son. In fact, his is
the wall where I keep all his awards.
What? There's nothing there.
Oh, my God! They've been stolen!
I better call the sheriff.
We're gonna get to the bottom of this.
It's ringing.
Hello, Sheriff Perkins? Henry Fischer.
Yes, father of the illustrious Jeff Fischer.
Someone has stolen all his awards.
All of them.
Must have been several strong men
with a huge truck. What?
What do you mean, Jeff's never
won an award in his entire life?
But if that were true, that would mean
my son is a worthless piece of crap...
...who never accomplished anything.
Well, sir, I'm not gonna sit here...
...while you say those awful things
about my pride and joy.
I promise you, son, I will not rest
until I get every single ribbon, trophy...
...and letter of commendation
back on that wall.
I'm gonna go round up a posse.
We'll get Charlie's dogs.
Close off the perimeter.
You just sit there
and keep on making me proud.
- Isn't he great?
- Great?
Jeff, your dad is a humungous jerk.
No, he's just kidding around.
He loves me.
That's why he can never know
what happened.
Look, Jeff, no one wants to admit
their dad is a bad guy, but...
Bad guy? Look who's talking.
You're the one who tricked me
and pretended to be my friend.
Dad would never do anything
that mean.
I need something for dogs
so they can pick up the scent.
Do you have your high school diploma?
No? They got that too?
Those monsters are gonna pay.
You can sleep out in the barn.
Mr. Fischer, don't you think
you're a little hard on Jeff?
I like soul-crushing sarcasm
as much as the next guy...
...and kudos on your commitment
to the bit, but Jeff is your son.
And my bounty.
- Who the hell is this?
- Horse Renoir, bounty hunter.
Born in the bayou.
Some say the hell spawn of a prostitute
and a whore. Others say...
- Shut up!
- Rude.
Your son's wanted in Florida
for a drug bust.
And I'm gonna collect the bounty.
Tie him up.
I got arthritis.
I can't even tie my damn boots.
My mom had that real bad too.
The whore, not the prostitute.
Here, I'll do it.
You don't have arthritis.
- Rude. Liar.
- Tie him up.
You're gonna help Jeff escape?
So you're a good father after all.
Hell, no.
I just wanna collect that bounty.
It'll cover my losses for when he
got busted with my marijuana.
Wait. Your marijuana?
- What do you think I grow here?
- The kind.
All that damn fool had to do
was drive the van to Florida.
There wasn't even any pressure.
He didn't know I stuffed it with pot.
You let your own son
take the fall?
You know what Horse Renoir thinks?
Horse Renoir thinks...
What have I done?
Jeff was telling the truth. He's innocent.
Now his own dad is gonna
screw him over and take him to jail.
I have to pee now.
Whenever I get tied up, I have to pee.
I'll try and hold it, but...
I'm going now. I'm sorry.
I'm sorry.
Jeff's dad probably has him
halfway to Florida by now.
I got an idea. I saw this in a movie once.
Hop with me.
That's good.
Why did you do that?
Well, you weren't gonna do anything
from a movie.
Come on, Steve. You're our only hope
to save Jeff.
No problem. I'll just touch the battery.
Steve, nothing happened.
I feel funny.
Must be the smoke inhalation.
It's killing my eyes.
You know what I meant to ask you?
How did we get out of there?
I think we did some sweet maneuvers
from that movie Backdraft.
- I never saw Backdraft.
- Me either.
We have to save Jeff.
There's not a moment to lose.
Sorry. That's how I wake up.
Florida? We're in Florida?
Man, I can't be in Florida!
Relax, son. I know everything.
We're gonna go down
and convince them you're innocent.
- Really? But how?
- I'm your father. Trust me.
Stan, do you feel lighter?
I'm definitely getting lighter.
I think I'm becoming immune to gravity.
Why is there a leopard
on the Cheetos bag?
Wait. It's a cheetah.
Cheetah.
Cheetos.
There is so much beauty in the world.
- Why do my wrists hurt?
- Because you're lying on them.
How can you hear what I'm thinking?
Do you live here?
Because I could live here.
This place is great.
Hey, look. Someone picked out
all my favorite stuff.
- That'll be...
- And this.
- Cat food?
- Lf I hold this, I won't float away.
That'll be $ 147.
Where are we gonna get
that type of cash?
We can turn in Jeff.
- I thought Jeff was innocent.
- We gotta save Jeff.
He's had quite a shock,
but he'll be fine.
Oh, thank God.
- Wait. I know where they are.
- Steve, what are you talking about?
- Your keys. I see them.
- Honey, you're delirious.
No, ma'am. Let the boy talk.
That shock changed him.
I sensed something
when I was working on him.
Something strong enough
to punch a hole from the next world...
...clear into this one.
They're on a Gumby keychain.
Well, yes, Steve.
You gave me that for my birthday.
He's got the gift.
Lead us to the keys, boy.
Lead us to the keys.
Man, what's with all this traffic?
We're never gonna get Jeff in time.
Is this right?
Oh, it's a checkpoint.
These are a good thing.
Keeps people from hurting each other.
It's all about kindness. And music.
Wait a minute. Who is this?
Night Ranger, man. Night Ranger.
Night Ranger?
Oh, my God. We're high!
Of course. When the barn burned...
...we became pawns
in marijuana's mellow chess game.
- We gotta get out of here.
- I can't just abandon Jeff.
Screw him. He's a loser.
You don't care about him.
That's just it, Roger. I kind of do care.
- That's just the weed talking.
- No. No.
I cared before that.
He's so upbeat and friendly,
even though he has a terrible father.
You know, I had a crappy dad, too.
I guess, in a way, Jeff and I are
kindred spirits.
Did you see that? The Indian?
Who, Kevin? Of course I saw him.
We picked him up at the rest stop
an hour ago.
Dropped my Rolos.
Stan, think about this.
You're a federal agent.
You get caught high,
you lose everything.
Jeff's never had anyone
looking out for him...
...and I'm not gonna let him down.
Good evening, sir.
Have you been drinking?
Evening. Evening. Making things even.
- Please step out of the car, sir.
- He knows!
Hang on.
Find the keys, Steve.
Take us to the keys.
Here. They're in here.
Nope. Nothing here
but a busted water pipe...
...and a bunch of wires.
Steve, for the last time,
you're not psychic!
You'll get a lot of that.
People are afraid of the gift.
Afraid of what they don't understand.
Please stop encouraging him!
Wait. This can't be.
They have to be there.
It's gone. The gift is gone.
- Or was it a curse?
- You can't see no more keys?
- No.
- Well, goodbye.
Slow down, Stan. I can't keep up.
- Then drop the damn cat food!
- Yeah, you'd like that, wouldn't you?
I float away, and you get a bag of food
scientifically formulated for aging cats.
Too late, Mr. Smith. My dad's in there
right now, clearing my name.
No, he's not, Jeff.
He's turning you in to get the money.
Freeze! Hands in the air!
You're wrong about my dad.
He cares more about me than anything.
There's your criminal.
Give me the money.
That's all I care about: Money.
- Not Jeff, money.
- See? Wait. Am I Jeff or money?
Oh, man. I'm Jeff.
- Dad!
- You're under arrest.
Wait. This man-hippie is innocent.
His father planted drugs on him
without him knowing.
- He has no proof.
- I've got his confession on tape.
- I was wearing a wire.
- Why were you wearing a wire?
I always wear a wire.
That's why you shave your chest.
Oh, Hayley must wear a muff wire.
I shouldn't have confessed
to two people I was gonna kill.
- You were gonna kill them?
- Yeah, but you can't prove it...
...because you're not wearing a wire.
- I'm a cop.
Look, Jeff, I know what it's like
to have a lousy dad...
...but the fact is, none of us
get to choose our fathers.
No, go on.
I have a lot of father issues too.
None of us get to choose
our fathers...
...but we do get to choose
our father figures.
I chose my mother.
That set me back a bit.
Then I realized I could be
my own father figure.
Well, there is someone I kind of
look up to.
Someone I've learned to
respect and admire.
- I think he'd make a great father figure.
- Well, Jeff, I'm flattered...
- My Uncle Frank.
- What? Oh, of course.
- Oh, did you think I meant...
- No. No.
This is awkward. I'm gonna go.
No, don't go. Why would it be awkward?
It's not awkward.
So we should get going.
Wait. Are you too stoned to drive?
No, no, no. I'm fine.
I'm pretty sure it's all out of my system.
Dude.
[ENGLISH]